Replace central server by user interface or SaaS platform (#3909)
centreon/centreon-documentation: cloud/service-mapping/ba-monitoring.md

After adding, editing or deleting the BAs, KPIs and BVs, the objects

> linked to Centreon BAM, go to **Configuration > Poller**, generate the

Reviewer: ```suggestion
linked to Centreon BAM, go to **Configuration > Poller** and [deploy the configuration](../monitoring/monitoring-servers/deploying-a-configuration.md).
```

> configuration files, and push them to the SaaS platform.

Author: ```suggestion
configuration files, and push them to the **Central** poller.
```

> configuration files, and push them to the **Central** poller.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```
